Title: Imprint

----

Contact: 

Responsible for all content accordant §10 paragraph 3 mdstv:
Bastian Allgeier & Hartmut Wöhlbier

OpenWe GmbH
Wiesenblättchen 6
68723 Schwetzingen
Germany

Registergericht: Amtsgericht München
Registernummer: HRB 169517
USt.IdNr.: 43049-06279

<mail@getkirby.com>
<http://getkirby.com>

© 2009-(date: year) – OpenWe GmbH.

## Kirby on the web

- Twitter: <http://twitter.com/getkirby>
- Facebook <http://facebook.com/getkirby>
- Google+ <http://plus.google.com/getkirby>

----

Disclaimer:

»Author« in the sense of the following is the OpenWe GmbH.

Online-contents: The author reserves the right not to be responsible for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. Liability claims regarding damage caused by the use of any information provided, including any kind of information which is incomplete or incorrect, will therefore be rejected. All offers are not-binding and without obligation. Parts of the pages or the complete publication including all offers and information might be extended, changed or partly or completely deleted by the authoress without separate announcement.

Referrals and links: The author is not responsible for any contents linked or referred to from her pages - unless she has full knowledge of illegal contents and would be able to prevent the visitors of her site from viewing those pages. If any damage occurs by the use of information presented there, only the author/authoress of the respective pages might be liable, not the one who has linked to these pages. Furthermore the authore is not liable for any postings or messages published by users of discussion boards, chatrooms, fora, guest books or mailing lists provided on her page. The author is not responsible for content posted by third parties there. Racist, sexist, and abusive messages will immediately be deleted by the authoress after knowledge.

Copyright: The author intended not to use any copyrighted material for the publication or, if not possible, to indicate the copyright of the respective object. If you find any unindicated object protected by copyright, the copyright could not be determined by the author. In the case of such a unintentional copyright violation the authoress will remove the object from the publication or at least indicate it with the appropriate copyright after notification. The copyright for any material created by the author is reserved. Any duplication or use of such diagrams, sounds or texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the author's express prior consent.

Legal force of this disclaimer: This disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were referred from. If sections or individual formulations of this text are not legal or correct, the content or validity of the other parts remain uninfluenced by this fact.
